.TH PURIFY "1" "October 2016" "purify 2.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
purify \- Reconstruct images from radio interferometers using PADMM
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B
purify
\-\-measurement_set \fIpath\fR \-\-name \fIpath\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
PURIFY is a tool for radio interferometric imaging including file handling
(for both visibilities and fits files), implementation of the measurement
operator and set-up of the different optimization problems used for image
deconvolution.
.PP
The code is given for educational purpose. The code is in beta and still under
development.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-measurement_set\fR
Path of measurement set. (required)
.TP
\fB\-\-name\fR
Path of file output. (required)
.TP
\fB\-\-noise\fR
Path of measurement_set with Stokes V noise estimate.
(Assumes Stokes V of measurement set). 
.TP
\fB\-\-niters\fR
Number of iterations.
.TP
\fB\-\-stokes\fR
Choice of stokes I, Q, U, or V (I is default).
.TP
\fB\-\-cellsize\fR
Size of a pixel in arcseconds.
.TP
\fB\-\-size\fR
Image size in pixels.
.TP
\fB\-\-width\fR
Image width in pixels.
.TP
\fB\-\-height\fR
Image height in pixels.
.TP
\fB\-\-beta\fR
Values used to set the stepsize of PADMM
.TP
\fB\-\-noadapt\fR
Choose not to update the stepsize.
.TP
\fB\-\-diagnostic\fR
Save diagnostic information to log file.
.TP
\fB\-\-l2_bound\fR
Factor to multiply the l2 bound by.
.TP
\fB\-\-relative_variation\fR
Convergence criteria on relative variation (default is 1e\-3).
.TP
\fB\-\-residual_convergence\fR
Factor to multiply the l2 bound by for convergence. (default is 1)
.TP
\fB\-\-relative_gamma_adapt\fR
Relative difference criteria for adapting the stepsize gamma (default 0.01).
.TP
\fB\-\-power_iterations\fR
Maximum iterations for the power method.
.TP
\fB\-\-primary_beam\fR
Choice of primary beam model. (none is the only option).
.TP
\fB\-\-fft_grid_correction\fR
Choose calculate the gridding correction using an FFT rather than analytic
formula.
.TP
\fB\-\-kernel\fR
Type of gridding kernel to use, kb, gauss, pswf, box. (kb is default)
.TP
\fB\-\-kernel_support\fR
Support of kernel in grid cells. (4 is the default)
.TP
\fB\-\-logging_level\fR
Determines the output logging level for sopt and purify. ("debug" is the
default)
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Print usage information.
.SH AUTHORS
PURIFY was initially created by Rafael Carrillo, Jason McEwen and Yves Wiaux
but major contributions have since been made by a number of others. The full
list of contributors is as follows: Rafael E. Carrillo, Jason D. McEwen, Yves
Wiaux, Luke Pratley, and Mayeul d'Avezac.
.SH BUGS
If you have any questions or comments, feel free to contact Rafael Carrillo or
Jason McEwen, or add an issue in the issue tracker
https://github.com/basp-group/purify/issues
.SH LICENSE
PURIFY Copyright (C) 2013 Rafael Carrillo, Jason McEwen, Yves Wiaux
.PP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General
Public License for more details.
